So now we get started with discourse and with angular and our project we're going to use and of course
it's time to dive deeper into angular to understand what really does what happens behind the scenes
how an angler gets started in the first place and which base building blocks it offers us how we can
build angular abs and which features we may use for this.
By the end of the section you will understand how you can build your basic angular application what
it then does and what you need to change to reach a different result.
So with this let's dive into it and let's start by having a look what actually happens when we with
it.
This page in the browser when the reloaders page how does anger get started.
What do we actually see here besides nothing.
Because there is more to this page than it might look like.